README.md, before:

# Typescript For JavaScript Developers

Repo to accompany the TypeScript for JavaScript Developers Course on Egghead.

## About This Course
Come away with a **fundamental understanding of TypeScript** and how to use it in your work.

You'll learn to:

- recognize and use commonly-used TypeScript types
- understand and expect common TypeScript errors and how to resolve them
- build a TypeScript file from scratch
- convert a simple JavaScript file to TypeScript

[What is the point of TypeScript?](https://dev.to/shaundai/typescript-what-s-the-point-51l6)


### Who is this course for?
This course is for beginners to TypeScript or programmers who want to get a better understanding of TypeScript fundamentals.  The modules in this course assume that you already have an understanding of JavaScript ES6.

## Installation Instructions

### Tech

(1) IDE of your choice:
We'll be using VS Code in the examples, but you can use any IDE you'd like

(2) TypeScript:

#### Installing TypeScript from your terminal
You will need a copy of Node.js as an environment to run the package. Then you use a dependency manager like npm, yarn or pnpm to download TypeScript into your project.  Then run one of the commands, depending on which package manager you are using:

    npm (from the root of your project)
    `npm install typescript --save-dev`

    npm globally
    `npm install -g typescript`

    yarn (from the root of your project)
    `yarn add typescript --dev`

    pnpm (from the root of your project)
    `pnpm add typescript -D`

[Official TypeScript Website: Download Instructions](https://www.typescriptlang.org/download)


### Prerequisites

Understanding of JavaScript

### Installing this Repo



## About the Instructor

Hey! I'm Shaundai (pronounced "shawn-day").  I'm a UI Engineer at SalesLoft and Egghead Instructor based in Atlanta, Georgia in the United States.  I am passionate about making programming interesting and approachable for all.  The technologies I work with the most are full-stack JavaScript - TypeScript, React, and Node.  Connect with me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/shaundai).


# Course Outline

  ### - Configuring Your Environment
  ### - Types
  ### - Functions
  ### - Generics
  ### - Error Handling
  ### - Where to go next

# FAQs

Commit message:

Change "tech" section to "getting set up" section

README.md, after:

# Typescript For JavaScript Developers

Repo to accompany the TypeScript for JavaScript Developers Course on Egghead.

## About This Course
Come away with a **fundamental understanding of TypeScript** and how to use it in your work.

You'll learn to:

- recognize and use commonly-used TypeScript types
- understand and expect common TypeScript errors and how to resolve them
- build a TypeScript file from scratch
- convert a simple JavaScript file to TypeScript

[What is the point of TypeScript?](https://dev.to/shaundai/typescript-what-s-the-point-51l6)


### Who is this course for?
This course is for beginners to TypeScript or programmers who want to get a better understanding of TypeScript fundamentals.  The modules in this course assume that you already have an understanding of JavaScript ES6.

## Getting Set Up

#### IDE of your choice
We'll be using VS Code in the examples, but you can use any IDE you'd like

#### TypeScript
And of course, we'll need TypeScript installed for this project.

You will need a copy of Node.js as an environment to run the TypeScript package. Then you use a dependency manager like npm, yarn or pnpm to download TypeScript into your project.  Run one of the commands below, depending on which package manager you are using:

    npm (from the root of your project)
    `npm install typescript --save-dev`

    npm globally
    `npm install -g typescript`

    yarn (from the root of your project)
    `yarn add typescript --dev`

    pnpm (from the root of your project)
    `pnpm add typescript -D`

[Official TypeScript Website: Download Instructions](https://www.typescriptlang.org/download)


### Prerequisites

Understanding of JavaScript

### Installing this Repo



## About the Instructor

Hey! I'm Shaundai (pronounced "shawn-day").  I'm a UI Engineer at SalesLoft and Egghead Instructor based in Atlanta, Georgia in the United States.  I am passionate about making programming interesting and approachable for all.  The technologies I work with the most are full-stack JavaScript - TypeScript, React, and Node.  Connect with me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/shaundai).


# Course Outline

  ### - Configuring Your Environment
  ### - Types
  ### - Functions
  ### - Generics
  ### - Error Handling
  ### - Where to go next

# FAQs
